.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## [JENKINS-xxxxx](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-xxxxx) - summarize pull request in one line

Describe the big picture of your changes here to explain to the maintainers why we should accept this pull request.
If it fixes a bug or resolves a feature request, include a link to the issue.

## Checklist

_Put an `x` in the boxes that apply. You can also fill these out after creating the PR. If you're unsure about any of them, don't hesitate to ask. This is simply a reminder of what we are going to look for before merging your code._

- [ ] I have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-plugin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) doc
- [ ] I have referenced the Jira issue related to my changes in one or more commit messages
- [ ] I have added tests that verify my changes
- [ ] Unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] I have added documentation as necessary
- [ ] No Javadoc warnings were introduced with my changes
- [ ] No spotbugs warnings were introduced with my changes
- [ ] I have interactively tested my changes
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in upstream modules (like git-client-plugin)

## Types of changes

What types of changes does your code introduce? _Put an `x` in the boxes that apply_

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

## Further comments

If this is a relatively large or complex change, start the discussion by explaining why you chose the solution you did and what alternatives you considered.

Commit message:

Improve pull request template hints

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

## [JENKINS-xxxxx](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-xxxxx) - summarize pull request in one line

Describe the big picture of your changes here to explain to the maintainers why we should accept this pull request.
If it fixes a bug or resolves a feature request, include a link to the issue.

## Checklist

_Put an `x` in the boxes that apply. You can also fill these out after creating the PR. If you're unsure about any of them, don't hesitate to ask. This is simply a reminder of what we are going to look for before merging your code. If a checkbox or line does not apply to this pull request, delete it. We prefer all checkboxes to be checked before a pull request is merged_

- [ ] I have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-plugin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) doc
- [ ] I have referenced the Jira issue related to my changes in one or more commit messages
- [ ] I have added tests that verify my changes
- [ ] Unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] I have added documentation as necessary
- [ ] No Javadoc warnings were introduced with my changes
- [ ] No spotbugs warnings were introduced with my changes
- [ ] I have interactively tested my changes
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in upstream modules (like git-client-plugin)

## Types of changes

What types of changes does your code introduce? _Put an `x` in the boxes that apply_

- [ ] Dependency or infrasrtructure update
- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

## Further comments

If this is a relatively large or complex change, start the discussion by explaining why you chose the solution you did and what alternatives you considered.
