README.md, before:

# Git SCM plugin

Git software configuration management for Jenkins

* see [Jenkins wiki](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Git+Plugin) for detailed feature descriptions
* use [JIRA](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org) to report issues / feature requests

## Master Branch

The master branch is the primary development branch for the git plugin.

## Contributing to the Plugin

Plugin source code is hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-plugin).
New feature proposals and bug fix proposals should be submitted as
[pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request).
Fork the repository, prepare your change on your forked
copy, and submit a pull request.  Your pull request will be evaluated
by the [Cloudbees Jenkins job](https://ci.jenkins.io/job/Plugins/job/git-plugin/).

Before submitting your pull request, please assure that you've added
a test which verifies your change.  There have been many developers
involved in the git plugin and there are many, many users who depend on
the git-plugin.  Tests help us assure that we're delivering a reliable
plugin, and that we've communicated our intent to other developers in
a way that they can detect when they run tests.

Code coverage reporting is available as a maven target and is actively
monitored.  Please improve code coverage with the tests you submit.

Before submitting your change, please review the findbugs output to
assure that you haven't introduced new findbugs warnings.

## To Do

* Fix [bugs](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&reset=true&jqlQuery=project+%3D+JENKINS+AND+status+in+%28Open%2C+"In+Progress"%2C+Reopened%29+AND+component+%3D+git-plugin)
* Improve code coverage
* Improve javadoc

Commit message:

Add build instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Git SCM plugin

Git software configuration management for Jenkins

* see [Jenkins wiki](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Git+Plugin) for detailed feature descriptions
* use [JIRA](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org) to report issues / feature requests

## Master Branch

The master branch is the primary development branch for the git plugin.

## Contributing to the Plugin

Plugin source code is hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-plugin).
New feature proposals and bug fix proposals should be submitted as
[pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request).
Fork the repository, prepare your change on your forked
copy, and submit a pull request.  Your pull request will be evaluated
by the [Cloudbees Jenkins job](https://ci.jenkins.io/job/Plugins/job/git-plugin/).

Before submitting your pull request, please assure that you've added
a test which verifies your change.  There have been many developers
involved in the git plugin and there are many, many users who depend on
the git-plugin.  Tests help us assure that we're delivering a reliable
plugin, and that we've communicated our intent to other developers in
a way that they can detect when they run tests.

Code coverage reporting is available as a maven target and is actively
monitored.  Please improve code coverage with the tests you submit.

Before submitting your change, please review the findbugs output to
assure that you haven't introduced new findbugs warnings.

## Building the Plugin

  $ java -version # Need Java 1.8, earlier versions are unsupported for build
  $ mvn -version # Need a modern maven version; maven 3.2.5 and 3.5.0 are known to work
  $ mvn clean install

## To Do

* Fix [bugs](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&reset=true&jqlQuery=project+%3D+JENKINS+AND+status+in+%28Open%2C+"In+Progress"%2C+Reopened%29+AND+component+%3D+git-plugin)
* Improve code coverage
* Improve javadoc
